#### Early corporate life
From world-known tech giant to Silicon Valley unicorn startup that went to acquisition, Shannon Xu has worked in tech industries for many years as a Software Engineer. She had a lot of experience in backend platforms, and enjoyed coding in its purest form. However, there’s always a feeling present in her heart, intuiting her that something was amiss. She was ambitious and aggressive in her career just like her many Asian peers, moving from company to company. The numbers on her pay stubs were impressively increased, but not too long after, the next move became so natural as the honeymoon cycle passed away with her new environment. This culture is also considered a norm in the Bay Area tech communities. She suffered from anxiety and found that her habitual patterns of living in the future (the to-do lists in her mental backlogs) and achieving something quickly as soon as possible (in an agile way) are so strong in a way that they are getting out of the workplace and affecting her daily life. It was difficult for her to even fully relax and enjoy the first few days in a getaway vacation when it comes to holidays. And she found that many people have similar issues. She also tried many methods that other people may have also tried before, that is, to fill her spare time with new learnings and fresh experiences, such as travelling, ballroom dancing, bartending, musical instruments and so on. However, the joy is transient. She also tried the most trending thing of the social media times - shopping, travelling, styling and branding oneself - in a tech girl’s world of her age and ethnicity. Unfortunately those experiences never fulfilled her as it fulfilled others, except the short-lived false sense of freedom it brought moneywise. Day after day, she went to work, but kept feeling the deep pain of grief, anxiety and depression among her coworkers as well as herself, draining her even more physically and mentally. She intuitively knew that the majority of her coworkers do not have a passion for their jobs but only doing it for money. Many wore a depressed/anxious face everyday, or even worse, a pretended face which is labeled as professional in a corporate environment. People sat at the lunch table everyday with repeated topics of startups, IPOs, stocks, Teslas, houses and children. As she observed, sometimes the many selves were even fooling themselves into believing that they were really happy and free, or even superior in mundane achievements compared to non-techies because of great company compensations. Shannon was born with an extra-sensitive body to perceive and receive from the invisible aspects in life. Until this gift was clearly recognized with awareness, she suffered a lot. But that one moment eventually came, she couldn’t stand her own pain as well as the pain in collective consciousness anymore. **She was reborn**.

#### Reborn - a second chance
Stories of mysteries and fantasies in books and legends have intrigued Shannon since her childhood. She also has a keen interest in Astronomy, Chinese traditional medicine and Kungfu. She often wondered about mankind’s ultimate question of **who am I, where do I come from, where am I going**, but no one can answer her. These aspects were buried deep and went dormant as she grew up older, and the ultimate questions later became a daily tease. However, they had never been really washed away. When that moment mentioned early finally came, her life game was changed completely. It’s not a single moment thing actually, it’s a sequence of inevitable events, unexplainable but understandable only with direct experiences. At one moment in huge pain, she came with an idea from her heart, “If I was given a second chance to relive this life, I would have changed many things and taken better care of this body.” She didn’t realize it was a prayer that would open her up then,  since she came from an atheistic background. There’s another moment, a sudden **realization** came to her unexplainably, immediately she knew how this world works (our inner world creates our outer world) and how the non-physical realms and the physical realm interact. And she also immediately knew what she was supposed to do for a career in this life as **predestined**, and **meditation** is something to start with, which she had absolutely no experience before in this current life. With this guidance, she tried different guided meditations from some mobile app, to her surprise, she found that she could feel the energy movements in her body strongly and vibrate with music and mantras greatly, just in her initial tries. Since then, she started to be aware of the energy movements in her body, and it’s so natural and effortless for her to notice in her daily activities such as walking, driving, reading, listening to music etc. She got excited as well as overwhelmed by her lifeforce energies, as it could be intense sometimes. She started her journey of exploration into human energetic body and alternative medicine practices. She was guided to a [New Age bookshop](https://www.eastwestbooks.org/) in the Bay Area and was attracted to a certain book, when she read the book in front of the zen buddhas, mountain and water statue in the shop, she heard voices from other dimensions. She was also guided to visit many powerful Earth [ley lines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ley_line) and energy [vortexes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vortex), of which to name a few famous ones are Guatemala Lake Atitlán, Peru Machu Picchu and USA Sedona and Mt. Shasta. Her body vibrated and transformed with the healing energies in those sacred places. She was guided to learn and experience different healing techniques from different spiritual lineages too. She started to experience many other awakening/ascension symptoms in her regular daily activities, such as ringing in the ears, popping in the third eye, hearing high-pitch vibrations and voices from other dimensions, seeing pictures and movies in her mind's eye, vibrating physically with different energy vortexes in certain places, feeling subtle energy shifts of sun and moon in her body especially during eclipses and experiencing many out-of-body journeys. In those days, her favorite meditation practice was causually sitting in a chair with both legs uncrossed on the floor or lying in the bed or on the carpet, the posture seems not important to her since the beginning. She meditated on and off for a few months, on one morning before going to work, she was sitting at the bedside meditating as usual, this morning she felt extremely peaceful. After that, she went to work as usual, on her way to office, she felt a bit hotter than usual, but gave no more thoughts to it. After she arrived at her company office and sat in front of her computer, she started to feel a strong surge of energy went up her spine and her upper body got extreme hot. And the backrest of the office chair got hot too after she leaned back on it for just a few minutes. She then realized she was experiencing a **[Kundalini](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kundalini) awakening**, so she took a one-day sick leave home for safety concerns. After she got home, the energy was still running. She could feel it was clearing her lower 3 [chakras](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chakra) and it's getting hot all over her body. Later weeks, Kundalini also ran on her left channel (Ida) and right channel (Pingala). Her Kundalini awakening was really intense, for the several months followed, she was forcefully awakened by very strong energy runs in the middle of nights, sometimes days also, shivering and shaking uncontrollably all over the body, sometimes with emotional releases and auto-movements. She had some fear initially, but embraced it with more trust as it proceeded. Deep down she knew that she was ready for it in this life as she experienced it in other lives too, so she practiced to **surrender and let go let God**. With trust and resistance at the same time, her journey continued, luckily she had her daily spiritual practices to help at that time so the process was okay. She experienced the Kundalini energy surging up along the [sushumna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nadi_(yoga)) and crack-opened her crown chakra a few times, and at different moments she also experienced automatic deep belly breathings and even retention of breaths([Kevala Kumbhaka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kumbhaka)) and body dissolving. She also experienced more [out-of-body experiences](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Out-of-body_experience) and [astral travels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astral_projection). In some meditative experiences she automatically practiced some sort of spiritual arts which she never learned in this life, to get rid of the excess elements in her body or align her chakras, in some she travelled to other spacetimes and heard beautiful celestial musics, in some she experienced many past lives clips on this planet as well as others through every breathe-in and breathe-out, in some she could control her lucid dreams to travel in times consciously, in some she met her gurus from previous incarnations, in some there’re UFO experiences. Her life continued unfolding with more mystic experiences in the years followed which were hard to explain or share with the public. Kundalini awakening is just one part of her journey, and it will last for a lifetime once awakened. Looking back at her earlier life, she started to understand more about some of her childhood experiences, and the experiences at each pivot point in her early life. The many people she encountered in this life, the more she saw her connections with them in other lives, the more she realized the practical side of karma in this world. Her spiritual experiences came so fast and so intense in her current life, she knows that perhaps most people won't run into any similar experiences in their lives, and even spiritual seekers may not experience life to the same extent as she does. She began to realize that her path and experiences are not something she cultivated in this life, but inevitable occurrences under the karmic influence of many previous incarnations’ sincere seekings of Truth. Later on she realized deeply that **all these mystic experiences are not something worth pursuing or comparing or rejecting at all, because they are all illusions**. In the first two years, she was still a corporate person working in the office, but the contrasts and split of her inner and outer realities were too large physically and mentally. She cannot help feeling her career cannot continue like this anymore. At certain transitioning periods, her left and right brain was on auto-attunement to Unity consciousness, she started to feel difficulties to handle cognitive tasks which she was excelled at before, and the feeling of leaving tech and fulfilling her predestined passion got stronger day by day. Eventually she was guided by God to quit her Engineering job and fulfill her true desire in this lifetime. Throughout her transformation, she was supported by her existing physical and non-physical spiritual communities with love, later on she was also guided by different ascended masters to a few other spiritual teachers and workshops. Now she started to provide spiritual services to the world, to live her soul’s calling as well as her [prarabdha karma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prarabdha_karma).
