---
layout: post
title: "The New Path: Path of the Sacred Heart"
subtitle: "Power, authority, and hierarchy"
date: 2022-07-20
author: "PsychicDev"
header-img: "img/bg-post/20220720-halo.jpg"
header-mask: 0.15
tags: ["The New Path", "Sacred Heart", "Inner Authority", "灵性道路", "心的道路", "传统道路", "神圣之心", "内在权威"]
---
<p style="color:#11a69f; font-size:24px">
    Nothing real can be threatened.
    <br>
    Nothing unreal exists.
    <br>
        - A Course in Miracles
</p>

Dear Child, we feel the deep grief in your heart. This time with the supermoon in Cancer, you felt it so deeply, and was able to observe it and brought it up. You know you don’t have to run away from it any longer. There’s so much pain in many of you so deeply, for some it will be buried for the entire life and continuing for even more lifetimes, for a few they’re fortunate enough to allow these emotions to come to the surface and heal in this life.

You have been wondering about the Old Path and the New Path for quite some time now, and you finally reached a firm inner decision to let go of the old limiting way of healing. Starting from April, you were shown the new path by ascended masters and archangels, a guidance to **have the courage to leave the Old Path of healing and to fully embrace the New Path**. You have been jumping between the Old Path and the New Path for a while now. We know that you have reached the place of letting go of the Old now. We also understand that this was not an easy journey for you, and many of those who you have encountered along your path will not understand it at all, and may never be able to understand it in this life. You felt this deep grief in your heart from the past, you are afraid of speaking up your truth and letting the world hear about your true voice. In many past lives, you were “trapped/halted”, the human personality will call it that way in your reality. You were trapped in many spiritual communities, with strict behavior disciplines, suppressed human emotions and strong power hierarchies. In some of the situations, you were so traumatized and even persecuted by the external authorities at that time. This was not in alignment with your soul, or any soul’s evolutions. **You are here to understand that you are a whole free spirit**. However, that’s the way it worked in the old days and that’s the experiences all of you have wished to have in the first place – **to understand true POWER, FREEDOM and LOVE through dramatic experiences of polarities**. In a binary world, there’s always good or bad, high and low, superior and inferior, everything has the comparison version – the better, stronger, more powerful, etc.. As you step into the journey of ascension, many layers of the power/authority/hierarchy programs will be revealed to you. **By experiencing and resolving the conflicts with an outer authority of a particular spiritual path, a specific community, a master/guru-disciple relationship, a certain lineage of religion, you learn to trust your inner authority and stand firmly in the zero-point ground. You learn to transcend all the religious/spiritual hierarchies, all the old limiting paths of healing and spiritual practices.**

We know you felt challenged so hard in quite some life experiences in the past few years as you began the innerwork. When you are an old soul in a young human form, when your voice is not fully healed and activated yet, when you take the female body in this life on this masculine-still-dominant planet, when your energetic presence is not as strong as an external authority figure or archetype, you will be challenged in the face, your sense of inner authority will be shaked, and you will be tested and exposed for further release/cleansing of the previous karma. As you purge out the many difficult past lives and their associated beliefs and soul contracts, we invite you to investigate the concept of authority again. In an ideal world, everyone is being their authentic self. A person is recognized and respected with his/her mundane achievements by other people in the tribe, it is a process that occurs naturally. However, due to the **false perception of lack – the lack of love, the lack of being loved, the lack of being recognized/accepted/appreciated**, people started to misunderstand the sequences of how things unfold in its natural states. If you take a look at the modern mainstream world, it’s not hard to find out that most people long to become an authority figure, a top one among a crowd, and enjoy all the benefits it brings no matter if it's mental or material. People chase success, no matter if it's money or scientific/spiritual achievements.  However most miss out the real essence behind every successful authority figure – **be authentic to the self**. Through mechanical mimicking and emotional manipulation and enforcement, people formed many hierarchies of superiority and inferiority throughout human history. Even those hierarchies that were created with a very loving intention in the first place, slowly turned into deception or corruption to some level eventually. This is simply because the Law of Polarity applies to human egoistic minds. **Any emphasis on one side of the scale, will create an oscillation to the other end at some point. Every thought/belief/energetic force will balance itself in order to come back to a harmonic state.** However, an eternal harmonic balance will not be a possibility in a 3-dimensional world. Every movement will follow some pattern at first, but it will reach a chaotic place later and it then restarts the whole process again. Everything is forever in movement. It is always so. Human cannot grasp the eternal stillness behind the movements unless human was not human anymore, that’s when one reaches full self-realization and lives beyond 6-dimension with an enlightened body. In that case, the human body is transformed to be accustomed to the advanced light body, the left and right side of the physical brain is also united. That’s when one human is said to become an ascended master. **Being an ascended master has nothing to do with psychic capabilities. One may retain a very high state of love and self-mastery over spiritual alchemy but can still be of very subtle limiting polarized beliefs**, a lot of benevolent extraterrestrial beings are like this. Therefore, when you understand where the **power struggles come from – a place of longing for love and a false perception of separation**, you will have more understanding of the mental mechanisms behind it. You also understand that, **a rational mind is neccessary to expand self awareness to a deeper, more sutble level of human consciousness besides intuition. We have to say that the Path to Truth is not an easy journey at all for the ego self as it requires alertness and radical honesty at every trivial moment.**

For example, many of you who are ready for the ascension journey at this time have been affiliated with some sort of spiritual hierarchies in previous lifetimes. You have sworn for total obedience to a master/guru that has not yet ascended and with their own shadow selves, or many religions that were corrupted from the inside by dark forces. **You may have made vows of chastity (celibacy), poverty, obedience, silence, self-sacrifice and so on under the flawed teachings. Many of you have been trapped in these spiritual contracts through many incarnations, and some of you may even enjoy it to some extent. Due to a false sense of identity and belonging, and the emotional/energetic transations between different parties, for a very long time it’s hard for you to break free from the entanglements, to stand out of the comfort zone and embrace the unknown**. However in order for the ascension journey to continue to the next octave, you will need to shed off all those layers that don’t serve you any longer. If you are ready, you will know. Those who are not ready won’t have any awareness or second thought on these issues. Through the discernment of how “power struggles” works in the old matrix, you will realize deeply on **how to walk Buddha’s way – the middle way in neutrality/zero point. It doesn’t mean to always look for external authorities for shortcuts to Truth and emotional dependencies, however it doesn’t mean to challenge or reject every authority figure you run across in your life either. Standing in zero point is not about choosing between these two, actually it's not related to choices at all.** With total awareness and discernment on this issue, you can go either way with your heart, you can explore on your own under the guidance of the sacred heart, or you can go to an external authority for guidance at some point in life, however you will not be interested in establishing unhealthy relationships of superiority and inferiority again. **Besides binary choices, you will also be revealed with infinite other possibilities at the zero-point ground, the whole universe will become your oyster. Gradually, only the other possibilities will be shown to you, as you have moved over the lesson of power/authority/hierarchies, these occurrences and people with very unbalanced masculine and feminine energy will gradually vibrate out of your life experiences.**

**The New Path of healing is the Path of the Sacred Heart. With the inner guidance of the heart, you can explore different possibilities freely in a joyful, lighter way.** There’re reasons why this NEW PATH of healing gradually emerges into this world, and why it’s initiated from the western world. The density parts of the traditional ways of the East have to be washed away due to the planetary ascension. There is no other way around with cosmic level change in your solar system. We are not telling you that the Eastern way is not good, actually the essence of it is so close to Truth that it sends out most of the ascended masters from this planet in the past hundreds to thousands of years in your known human history. **That’s where the divine illumination plan of Earth souls begins. Spiritual seeds were planted deeply in your DNAs.** As you experience more, your soul evolves as well, it prepares you for this upcoming golden/ascension age. **In this ascension age, all the wisdom of ancient civilizations on Earth is brought back to renaissance. All sorts of spiritual/healing techniques will enable you to gradually remember the past.** As you wake up, you will revive the memories when you were in times like Atlantis and Lemuria, also those past when you were in the mystery schools in Egypt and Greece, and so on. **There’s also Divine Grace that comes from the future, the future “star being” you, the future “ascended master” you – your Inner Guru/Master/Higher Self brings back all the spiritual sciences and technologies from different future timelines.** It will illuminate all of you to another level of being. You will find the closeness to spirit in a way you never experienced before. **You will get to know how Divine Grace cannot be earned but must be bestowed by God. You will understand the [Sunyata](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%9A%C5%ABnyat%C4%81) wisdom of Buddha and the unconditional love of Christ in a whole united way. Only your heart knows how to get there and which timeline naturally fits your current state of being.** Your mind will not know it at all. There’re many chances that you may be trapped in slower timelines from the past, if you don’t have the particular karmic lessons resolved. You may also be trapped in others’ timelines when you are involved in some karmic relationships with them along your journey. This will happen frequently for each of you when you first begin your journey, and only those who can learn to master the lessons can come out of it and will be able to continue the journey of ascension.

Dear Child, you have experienced this many times in the past few years. We are glad to see that you finally come out of the old programs, and make the decision to **choose an accelerated timeline that resonates with the sacred heart**. Through confronting the deep grief inside, through feeling and reliving the great fear, you learn to see through the illusions of this Maya, you have experienced the continuing openings of the heart. We are very proud of how you have made it this far. We wish you a total acceptance, appreciation, and forgiveness of the past, and we wish that you recognize how those difficult experiences have brought you deeper wisdom. We know about your fear about making the voice of truth heard by other people. **The rain of spiritual wisdom is not for everyone, if it’s pouring onto a rock, no flower would come out of it. Choose your tribe carefully and invest your energy wisely.** Now you have reached a new level of understanding with your expression as well. Do not be afraid of being misunderstood and not accepted, for it is so simple to live and speak the truth from the sacred heart. The sacred heart is the true heart, it has no judgments at all, all it knows is about love and unity. **Stand your ground firmly and speak your heartfelt truth honestly and confidently, have compassion towards those who are not of the same path/pace/phase as you in the journey, learn to discern how a truthful message from the sacred heart can be rephrased to fit into the ears of those who are still learning baby steps, without compromising your own integrity at the same time. The mind is not needed to figure it out how to do it, practice/rehearsal is not needed as well, the sacred place of the heart already knows everything. Whenever you are connected to it in the moment, a loving flow will come out naturally. There’s always ease and grace in each and every moment, you will get used to the new way of living from the heart.** As always, we love you. We are always here to support you on your journey.
