We are now living in a very unique cycle here on planet Earth for this universe. Prophecies had been made a long time ago by past saints and ascended masters from different cultural and spiritual backgrounds spreading similar messages. You may have heard, some people called our time the [Kali Yuga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali_Yuga), some called it the [Degenerate Age of Dharma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Ages_of_Buddhism), some called it the [Age of Aquarius](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Age_of_Aquarius), the [Golden Age](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Age), or the Ascension Age, and so on. The pursuit of materialistic success is getting popular as well as endless information is easily accessible in seconds on smart devices at our hands. However, many people also lose their faith in Truth and have a lot misunderstandings towards Love. A better economic freedom may not even bring the amount of happiness that our ancestors with saws and hammers used to have. Instead, more and more people are suffering from fear, insecurity, grief, depression, anxiety and different kinds of mental and physical dis-eases, not to mention pandemic diseases, natural catastrophes and wars are also part of this dramatic world.

This world is neither good nor bad, and it can be viewed as good or bad or nothing at all depending on your mindset. We are definitely not victims of a chaotic time, we are indeed the creators of our own realities. Where there are big challenges, there also come great opportunities for people to heal, to transform and to transcend this human reality.

**We are not humans that have spiritual experiences, but instead embodied spiritual beings that have human experiences**. This is the Truth that will enable us to grow spiritually as a cosmic being and live our physical lives here on Earth to our fullest potential, joyfully. 
