If you are ready for the journey of **self-exploration**, you may feel resonated with my work and experiences. If you feel attracted to book a healing session with me, we can take a deeper look into your reality together around daily human topics.

### What services are available?

- **Intuitive reading and energy healing session**
>In this one-hour long session, Shannon will look into your energetic body around questions or concerns related to health, relationships, family, career, business, guides, spiritual practices etc., and provide the spiritual information she receives to you, and perform energy healings on your subtle energetic bodies.

- **Wedding officiant services**
>This service is currently open for elopement ceremonies only. Under the loving guidance of Christ consciousness, Shannon became an ordained minister at the Church of Natural Grace. Get in touch for details if you are interested in working with her for your precious moments in this lifetime.

- **Corporate meditation classes**
>Classes are available for both online and in-person (when the situation permits) formats for Bay Area companies. With a rich tech background, Shannon knows the patterns and mind's tricks well. She will customize the class contents intuitively for your team and hold the space with her loving presence energetically. Please contact Shannon directly if you are interested in this service.

* Please note that all services are available in both English and Mandarin languages.

#### One-hour Intuitive Reading and Energy Healing Session



##### What to expect?

In this one-hour long session, you will receive spiritual information about your questions to get deeper insights towards healing, you will also receive energy healings on past lives, traumatic experiences, behavior patterns, belief systems, emotional baggage and so on.

Shannon is rooted deeply in eastern spirituality yet explored different modern healing modalities in the western world as well. She will use different healing techniques accordingly for different individual clients. Shannon does not belong to any particular religion, instead she finds the common truth beneath all spirituality. She is an omnist and believes **there is only Oneness**, but it can be of many interpretations. She is grounded and practical when it comes to logical minds as she has many years of experience in science and technology, she can also understand and empathize with the unspeakable sides of the minds intuitively with clients.

Shannon offers her spiritual work from a place of love, joy and compassion. She remains **neutral** about clients as well as the information she receives about clients, from an observer’s point of view with no judgements. Information and healing energies are accessed and received through her as a spiritual channel, your energy will mostly processed and released in your own body, to ensure healthy energetic boundaries and neutrality for the benefits of all. However, sometimes it may be processed through Shannon's body depends on individual situation.





##### How does it work?


For intuitive reading and healing sessions, Shannon will schedule an appointment with you upon confirmation. The session will happen on the air via video or audio calls, using Zoom or equivalent tools.  **Healing happens on a higher dimension which transcends time and space so an in-person meeting is not required.**
Please prepare yourself at a quiet and undisturbed space and time, with a comfortable seat available to you for sitting during the session.
Different people may feel differently during and after a session. Everyone has different body sensitivity so each will have unique experiences with energy healing. Some people may feel subtle energy movements and emotion releases in their bodies during the healing, some people may feel nothing at all. Some people may feel exhausted and tired afterwards, or even have diarrheas. Some people may also receive information and release more energy that does not serve their current growth anymore in their dreams or visions. These are all normal reactions of energetic cleansing for the body. Please drink more water and allow yourself more rest after a session to help facilitate the healing to continue unfolding in the next 24 hours.

##### Why does it work?

>In a upside-down world, people think seeing is believing.
But the truth is, believing is seeing.

If you are new to energy healing work, you may be curious and skeptical at this point. Here is a brief view of how it works. As you may know or not know, from Eastern traditional culture or from movies and animations, there is the presence of a life force energy in every human. The Chinese call it **[Chi/Qi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qi)**, the Polynesians mana, the Amerindians orenda, and the ancient Germans od. In Indian culture, it’s called **[prana](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prana)**, in Greek culture, it’s called pneuma. Well, they are all talking about the same thing, the innate energy within human bodies. All ancient healings work on this energy in the body, such as Shamanism. You may insist on seeing it to believe it, but it doesn’t prove that it is not there and others cannot see. Some people have [extrasensory perceptions (ESP)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extrasensory_perception) compared to the majority so they can perceive it in their own gifted ways. It’s well-known since thousands of years ago that ESP abilities may be borned with or developed through spiritual practices or [NDE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Near-death_experience) experiences. That’s why there are so many legends and traditions about the non-physical worlds. Luckily we are living in a time with modern Quantum physics moving into the unseen world, human evolution is also slowly moving into a direction towards the question of how existence and creation works. With the invention of [Kirlian photography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirlian_photography) and meridian channel machines, now people are able to capture light frequencies that are normally beyond human’s perceptions. Nowadays everyone can get a chance to see their own [auras](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aura_(paranormal)) (energetic fields) and even acupuncture points, meridians, and channels using a scientific method. Because we are at a crossroads for human beings to evolve to the next octave in a cosmic musical play, more and more people are waking up to their true nature and start to have unexplainable spiritual experiences. More are discovering their ESP (a.k.a., psychic) abilities and becoming the visionaries, pioneers, trailblazers, healers in their own domains with loving hearts to help humanity on this ascension journey of Earth to the fifth dimension. If you feel interested in this topic, you can feel free to explore more on the latest science and spirituality following the guidance of your own heart.
We are born to be blissful but most of us are not living up to our innate rights at this time. **No matter if it's physical discomforts or mental sufferings, it all starts with a false perception about our inner and outer realities**. Our inner realities create and manifest our outer realities. Like the ancient spiritual teachings of the East says, **we are not our bodies, and we are not our minds**. By taking this body-mind complex as “I”, we create a lot of troubles for ourselves. Therefore, one way to get back to truth involves healing on these two parts. Eastern spiritual teachings also speak about unity of the body and the mind (sometimes called heart’s perceptions too). To get healed, you can either start with works on the body or on the mind. Let’s take a look at the example of a habitual behavior pattern as an example. A behavior pattern is simply a neural wiring accumulated and maintained by habits. In yogic culture, it’s considered **energetic loops or blockages** inside the human body. To keep this loop existing, the pattern needs to be strengthened through more mental energy and physical runs. This can be a huge effort to the body and causes tightness. In order to break free from this energetic loop, two ways can be tried. One way is to change the mind to make a command to not run this neural wiring any longer. Gradually, this loop does not get enough strengthening power from reruns, it will gradually lose its form and break naturally. Scientists have confirmed this in [neuroplasticity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroplasticity) research with the brains. The other way can be cracking open the energetic loop with another strong force, which is **Chi/energy intervention**. In a reading and healing session with Shannon, both ways will be worked on. By providing spiritual information from intuitive reading about their issues, the client will get more understanding and become more conscious about their belief systems and false perceptions about truth, which is the root cause of all physical and mental sufferings. This is healing on the conditioned mind. Energy healing part usually works on human body’s sutble energy directly, but with Shannon’s healing techniques, it works on both the mind and the body, the energetic loop can be weakened or brokened, and the original mental pictures of the issues will also be addressed to the extent that the client is ready for at the moment of healing.
