<a style="font-size: 24px;" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Am_that_I_Am">I AM THAT I AM</a>

From New Age spirituality to Latin American Shamanism, from Yoga practices to Taoism and Buddhism, Shannon has explored different lineages of spirituality on this planet, as long as it is guided by her inner guru. When the Information Age comes across the beginning of the [Kali Yuga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali_Yuga)/[Degenerate Age of Dharma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Ages_of_Buddhism), there are all sorts of knowledge of spiritual technologies available to the general public, spiritual services are also becoming mainstream, however sometimes they're getting mistakened and too commercialized, they began to lose the essences of saints’ teachings. Shannon had walked out of the information maze herself, so she understood this on a deep level.  She was never a class obsessor, nor a certificate collector. Instead she believes **Truth is simple**, and oftentimes **Truth is too simple to believe**, it takes **courage** and **trust**. **Truth has nothing to do with Knowledge**, Knowledge actually blocks Truth most of the time, and Truth cannot be described with anything in this 3-dimensional world, **Truth cannot even be comprehended by human minds**. For self-realization, one has to let go of the many layers of constructs of “I”, let go of the known, then unknown Truth will come to surface. Some people call it All That Is, some call it God, some call it Buddha, some call it The Absolute, some call it Oneness, some call it The Way or Tao, some call it Love. **Truth is not just unknown, it is unknowable**, however one can directly experience it with an innocent heart, when truly ready at a certain spacetime reality.


The spiritual philosophy that resonates with Shannon the most are [Mahayana Buddhism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahayana) and Indian sage [Sri Ramana Maharshi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramana_Maharshi)’s teachings. They have guided her for many incarnations here on Earth and will continue doing so for her journey in this life. Every moment in one’s life is inevitable, when seeing it from beyond space and time. By following a **neutral/non-judgemental** view with **compassion**, to **welcome and accept** each experience and every moment in life, one walks the path to Truth with **least resistance**, and that is the key to break free from the pattern of Karma and walk towards the ultimate reality. This is because everything with "**i**" that happened here is just an illusion. It is just like the clouds and the sky. Whether the cloud is bright or dark, it does not affect the tranquility of the sky. Small “**i**” is a human mechanism and it cannot be destroyed in an illusional world, there’s no need to destroy “**i**” as well, by questioning “**Who am I**”, one invokes the true “**I**” (Truth). Truth is blissful, it can totally live together with the small “**i**”, but the small “**i**” is not the big “**I**”, and it has nothing to do with Truth. **Energy practices and even meditations cannot lead to true awakening** at all, it just helps clear out the clouds of the small “**i**”. Only when one is ready, the true “**I**” from the background sky overwhelms and dissolves the small “**i**”. This does not mean the clouds will go away in this world, instead the clouds will be still there in the sky as well as the sky. But your attention can go on and off the clouds easily as directed, and awareness that rises from the sky becomes omnipresent. This is not something one can achieve with diligent spiritual practices or hardworks. The more efforts you put into practices, the further you drift from Truth actually. **Truth is, what we already are**. But realizing what we truly are at a certain time in space, is a grace.


With this understanding, Shannon does not have a certain form of meditation nowadays, no fixed postures, time, space and directions, no fixed practice or procedures either. Her practice is free in form and often very simple under the guidance of Mahayana philosophy. Every moment in life can be of her practice because **Truth stays unchanged and resides in every state of being**. Shannon follows her inevitable soul’s desire as well as her [prarabdha karma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prarabdha_karma), to provide spiritual services as a healer and teacher in this life, to offer her gifts but not judge on the outcomes. In this time-and-space bounded world, she will rely on her intuition and healing techniques that she cultivated over many lifetimes to help people transform beyond the physical and mental pains as well as belief system limits in this virtual reality that ancient folks called [Maya](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maya_(religion)). In Chinese traditions, it is also said to be **utilizing Illusions to cure Illusions, borrowing the False to cultivate what is True（以幻治幻，借假修真）**. Her life experience continues to unfold in the domains of spiritual healings. Her job is not to fix you, **you are already perfect**, and there is no you and me. Instead it is to help facilitate your own healing, invoke the inner guru within yourself, and guide you on the journey back home consciously. She feels a strong guidance to especially help with issues around women empowerment, empath (energy sensitives) empowerment, inner authority development and healthy energetic boundaries.
